what's up guys max Scoville her for
Destructoid I'm at PAX Prime 2014 up in
Seattle and I got to play a game that I
have not played before and that game is
called Dead Island 2 Dead Island 2 I got
to check it out at e3 but it was it was
a weird behind-closed-doors demo they
showed up an awesome cool funky wacky
trailer the zombies in it and like funny
music and it was like that looks like a
cool trailer but the first Dead Island
and then that sort of first and a half
that Island Riptide they kind of sucked
people played them but they really had a
lot wrong with them so a lot of people
are kind of skeptical and the demo we
were shown at e3 was an 18 month old
build it was basically a prototype and I
wasn't really sure what to make of it
cause it was very stripped-down it had
like no UI none of the you know when you
hit the zombies the numbers don't pop up
there was no life bar anything like that
and the one thing I remember it's
sticking with me is the contrast was
like super blown out so like when you go
inside it's like if you were actually
out in the Sun and you come inside you
kind of can't tell what's going on it
didn't look great I mean it looked like
they had a cool style going but it was
like kind of too stylized you've got to
play it right here this is a pre-alpha
build it's much more polished it's got a
lot more stuff going on first of all it
looks fine it looks just great it's a
it's very warm the tones are very warm
it's set in Southern California and kind
of a fictionalized German version of Los
Angeles
you know developed by Yeager their
German studio they decided to make their
own version Los Angeles - filled with
zombies and it's you know it's kind of
you know sunny and stuff but it's got
this sort of orange tint to it
if any of you guys use the hot web app
Instagram you might be familiar with the
Kelvin filter it looks like they put a
zombie game in the calven filter it's
very very bright I didn't mind it too
much it looked all right as far as the
game's controls go very familiar I mean
same kind of Dead Island setup you can
kick zombies in the face you can hit
them with hammers you can shoot them
with guns you can jump you can pick
things up and crap shit what they did
with this one is right out the gate it
seems like the crafting is much more
front and center like it's not like this
thing where you got to go scrounging
around for blueprints and do a bunch of
bullshit fetch quests to get them then
again this isn't fun game I have no idea
but what I was doing was I was torn in
the game and it's like go find
electrical stuff go find fire ish stuff
and so I found a bunch of propane tanks
and batteries and somehow because video
games attaching batteries to a shotgun
makes it shoot electric bullets and
attaching propane which is a fucking gas
to a big hammer that makes it this cool
fire hammer so when you hit the zombies
they not only explode into a pile of
blood and guts
they also catch fire you can also go
around whacking stuff the environment
you know there's uh there's cars
everywhere because it's LA and you can
you know beat the cars up until they
catch fire and explode which kills a
bunch of zombies that's always fun the
different zombie types you know you got
your walkers and you got like I think
they're called thugs who are like the
big the big bully type guys and uh I
will say the game feels like it has much
more of much more of a punch like the
the combat feels less like a kind of
grindy bullet sponge RPG approach and
much more like it's a kind of a physics
based thing you still got the numbers
popping up when you hit the bad guys but
in this case you know you hit a zombie
with a sledgehammer and he flies 30 feet
in the air which I'll admit that's fun
as for the guns they actually have an
impact it doesn't just feel like you're
kind of chipping away at them the guns
in the first Dead Island they sucked ass
I'm just gonna say that they were stupid
there was like no point to have guns in
that game but they did it anyway they're
like you need to conserve ammo because
the ammo doesn't do anything anyway it's
hard to find so screw that yeah I think
I think that Yeager's you know doing
some cool stuff with this kind of hard
to say I had you know a few little bugs
and glitches but like I said it's a
pre-alpha build so you can't really pass
any judgment based on that but they
seemed confident enough in it that they
are letting filthy plebeian peasant
gamers play it on the show floor but
that's cool so you know people get to
kind of get their own feel for it I
don't know if I'm actually going to ever
play it because I'm kind of tired of
zombies you know I'll be honest but it
definitely looks like a much more worthy
effort than the last one as for that
Dead Island mystery game still haven't
checked that out anyway I'm max Scoville
for Destructoid if you would like to
read I'm so sorry I just hit you I'm so
awful I just hit a woman I'm at PAX
they're gonna kill me anyway
if you'd like to read some video game
coverage written by people who use words
and keyboards to make their coverage to
the games instead of just drinking a Red
Bull really fast and talking into a
camera like I'm doing go to
destructoid.com because that's what
people are doing there and also check
out the rest of her videos we're doing
right here
put him up as much as we can literally
me and one of the guy whose bill we're
gonna put him in a dumbass video hey
Bill what's that video game you like
that I don't borderlands bill is gonna
play Borderlands or some shit I don't
know anyway I'll see you guys around if
your impacts have good packs if you're
not a PAX have a good watching shit
about packs on the Internet
take it easy